seeing the One World Trade Center was
incredible the user in saying it was
hard not to get like the fields you know
I'm gonna start seeing like the names
and morale and stuff now we're at the
Museum of American Finance we're gonna
learn some stuff so I'm slightly
clueless when it comes to the stock
exchange and things like that but I'm I
need to be educated you need to educate
me I like I want to learn more you had
all our cost African leader is the most
important thing how do I make money on
stocks
Milo sale line buy low sell high okay so
that's all you need to know so I'm done
miniature lesson how do you become an
investor
what are your options should I invest
all my money in one company so this is a
little bit depressing just a little bit
wait for it wait for it ah man hey guys
I got a new computer this is what I'll
be editing my blog on today he lives
this guy's he lives it what is it a
Lydia investment it's a crash in 1987
the crash in 1987 Jeanne it was and
financial - Auggie's and calm people as
they were like let's go long after this
I was laid off because there were no
more phone calls coming in nobody
trainings done it's scary like a scary
face you've got 22% and then they put
people on the phone so I couldn't
execute trades but they just want
something to talk to other waiting so
you're like SeaWorld right yeah so I was
like
from an open-air market more than two
centuries ago it's super interesting see
what Wall Street was like 50 years ago
and then just like step out of this
building and be on Wall Street and look
at how it looks now I don't know it's
cool that I'm gonna be gonna say like
New York City because there's so much
history here and there's so many like
things happening right now that I feel
like I can be a part of and maybe do a
little like journalistic logging guys
that could be fun something Crazy's
happening I'll be there with the camera
right right I'm right in the thick of
some awesome stuff go finance go money
go to New York City
so much food I like an earring jelly it
was delicious but now we're headed to
another tall building can't put it to
where it's a beautiful today is
I really like this treated this is a
pretty Street that's a pretty Street
squad squad squad spot
we're almost to the ticket
this has just been a riveting journey
things I can be doing and awaiting trial
we're walking walking is better than
waiting them
fun weekend on the fan exploring tall
buildings and adventuring and doing a
lot of touristy things it's Sunday now
we're John we have chill day it's gonna
be fun
but yeah it's been fun I'm excited for
fourth of July it's right around the
corner
my brother is behind the camera rolling
his eyes right now he's about to slap me
oh there is I hope you guys have a
fabulous day
Stevie Chi you guys Rock okay hey John
little time time for a climbing
adventure adventure look at him
scaling the mountains of Central Park